Add `[ProxyState]` docs (#279)
Starcounter/Docs: docs/database-classes.md

}
```

**Note**: If a database class definition of a Starcounter application contains any non-computed instance properties that are not declared as abstract auto-implemented properties with public get and set accessors, an exception will be thrown when the application starts.

## Proxy state fields and properties

Sometimes it is required to declare a public non-persistent field or property in a database class. Such fields or properties can be used for advanced calculations or caching of computed values. This can be achieved with usage of the `ProxyStateAttribute`. Starcounter ignores and does not persist anything marked with the `ProxyStateAttribute`.

```csharp
[Database]
public abstract class Person
{
    public abstract string Name { get; set; }

    public int NameLength => Name.Length;

    // This property is ignored by Starcounter and is not persistent.
    [ProxyState]
    public string CachedInfo { get; set; }
}

public static IList<Person> SortPeopleByInfo(IList<Person> people)
{
    // First, iterate through each person and calculate it's info string.
    foreach (Person p in people)
    {
        // The info string is saved in the non-persistent proxy state property.

>         p.CachedInfo = $"{p.Name} created at {p.CreatedAtUtc} with name length of {p.NameLength}.";

Reviewer: Still using `p.CreatedAtUtc` here @miyconst, although the property was removed. 🙂

}
```

**Note**: If a database class definition of a Starcounter application contains any non-computed instance properties that are not declared as abstract auto-implemented properties with public get and set accessors, an exception will be thrown when the application starts.

## Proxy state fields and properties

> Sometimes it is required to declare a public non-persistent field or property in a database class. Such fields or properties can be used for advanced calculations or caching of computed values. This can be achieved with usage of the `ProxyStateAttribute`. Starcounter ignores and does not persist everything marked with the `ProxyStateAttribute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is required to declare a public non-persistent field or property in a database class. Such fields or properties can be used for advanced calculations or caching of computed values. This can be achieved with usage of the `ProxyStateAttribute`. Starcounter ignores and does not persist anything marked with the `ProxyStateAttribute`.
```

```csharp
[Database]
public abstract class Person
{
    public abstract string Name { get; set; }

>     public abstract DateTime CreatedAtUtc { get; set; }

Reviewer: I think we can remove this property. It doesn't really add anything, and I think we should strive for having samples as small as possible.

Author: You mean the `CreatedAtUtc`, right?

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: > You mean the `CreatedAtUtc`, right?

Yep.

## Limitations

> 

Reviewer 2: You use "have to", "may not" and "shall" to describe necessities here. Let's just use "must", since it's what most specifications use anyways.

> * All database classes have to be declared as `public abstract`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All database classes must be declared as `public abstract`.
```

> * Database classes may not inherit non-database classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Database classes must not inherit from non-database classes.
```

> * Database classes shall have either no declared constructor, or a public parameterless constructor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Database classes with custom constructors must also declare a public parameterless constructor.
```

> * All database properties have to be declared as `public abstract`, with one of the supported [database types](database-types.md) as property type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Database properties must be declared as `public abstract`, with one of the supported [database types](database-types.md) as property type.
```

* It is not allowed to override database properties.

> * All proxy state members have to be marked with the `ProxyStateAttribute`. This also applies to the derived classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Proxy state members must be decorated with the `ProxyStateAttribute` attribute. This also applies to derived classes.
```

> * Database classes may not have non-database abstract members.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Database classes must not have non-database abstract members.
```

## Limitations

* All database classes have to be declared as `public abstract`.
* Database classes may not inherit non-database classes.

> * Database classes shall have a public parameterless constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Database classes shall have either no declared constructor, or a public parameterless constructor.
```

> * All database properties have to be declared as `public abstract` and use a supported [database type](database-types.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All database properties have to be declared as `public abstract`, with one of the supported [database types](database-types.md) as property type.
```

* It is not allowed to override database properties.
* All proxy state members have to be marked with the `ProxyStateAttribute`. This also applies to the derived classes.

> * Database classes may not have non-database abstract members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Database classes may not have non-database abstract members.
```

Abstract methods are fine.

* All database classes have to be declared as `public abstract`.
* Database classes may not inherit non-database classes.

> * Database classes shall have either no declared constructor, or a public parameterless constructor.

Reviewer 3: Does this sentence mean that only public parameterless constructors are supported? Then for me, it would be easier to this way.

Author: Non-public constructors are supported as long as there is a public parameter-less constructor.

Reviewer 3: In c# terms, it means we require a public parameterless constructor. Which might be a user- or automatically-defined. For me, it's hard to follow this either/or logic. Which still implies, that a reader should know about automatically-defined constructors.

Author: @erikvk could you suggest a change here? Please.
